
List of Documents to carry for Travel to America on H1B Visa :

Passport with valid H1B Visa stamping on it.
	H1B Approval notice – Original form I-797
	Your offer letter given by the company that sponsored your H1B Visa
	The employee agreement that you may have signed with your H1B Sponsor
	Experience letters related to your previous work, if any
	Work related documents, if any, sent by your H1B Sponsor in America
	If you have any professional licenses or certificates, you can carry them as well.
	Your original educational degree certificates
	If you have MS or any other degree from America, you can carry below documents
Address and Contact information in USA
	You will need the address information of where you will stay in America. You will have to fill it out in the I-94 form that you submit at the port of entry. Make sure you have the address and contact number in USA.
	Also, you would need to carry the information of the person you are going to meet in America. It could be your manager or one of your company’s employees.
	You may not be asked to show these documents in transit aiports, when you are have connecting flights, but it is good to have all the info.



Undergarments. Get at least 15 pairs. Both tops and bottoms ! You may buy these in US eventually, but it would be hard for the first time until someone takes you to the store.

Just one pair of Sneakers, slippers and one pair of Formal shoes

Just couple of pairs of Jeans and T-shirts, one formal dress( you won’t even use this, just backup)Couple of pajamas and shorts

Couple towels

One leather or other good material Jacket, sweater and a  Suit (maybe)



2. Port of Entry (POE) :  If you are coming for the first time, just do not worry. At the POE, they generally do not ask much questions, but if some one asks you like – Are you carrying any food items, just say no. Fill your I-94 form given to you in flight carefully. It is important. Make sure that all the particulars on I-94 are correct after the officer stamps it. Because for you to establish your identity, this is the START.

https://redbus2us.com/moving-to-america-things-to-do-before-and-after-entering-us/

